---
title: DLT-enabled IoT Testbed
subtitle: Application
layout: default
modal-id: 5
date: 2014-07-14
img: bc_iot_testbed.jpg
thumbnail: bc_iot_testbed-thumbnail.jpg
alt: image-alt
project-date: April 2014
client: Start Bootstrap
category: Analytics and Intelligence
description: Design, develop, and evaluate a testbed for Internet of Things (IoT) research and development with the support of DLT technology. 
---

# Overview

Research and development activities in the Internet of Things domain are intrinsically linked to the physical world. They rely on the sensory data from the real world as inputs, and their results rely on experimentations in the physical world for evaluation. Therefore, gaining access to IoT testbeds that provide sensors, actuators, networks, and edge-based computation capabilities is critical in conducting IoT research and development. 

Researchers generally either rely on large-scaled shared IoT testbeds or develop their micro-scaled test kits for their data collection and evaluation experiments. While large-scaled testbeds are at an advantage in terms of number, heterogeneity, and social-penetration of devices, these centrally planned and funded infrastructures are few comparing to the demand of researchers. On the other hand, even though micro-scaled test kits are accessible to researchers, they are limited in terms of the scope of their observation. Moreover, due to the variations in the development of the test kits, the specifications of the sensors, and the treatment of the data, the provenance, and trust of experiment data coming from micro-scaled test kits are hard to ascertain.

This project aims at an alternative design of IoT testbeds, denoted as Decentralized IoT Testbed (DTB). In this proposed design, the IoT testbed is not a centrally planned and funded infrastructure, but a conglomerate of test kits which are contributed and operated by research institutes, individual researchers, and other benefactors. In order to enable the decentralized governance and operation, DTB was architected DTB as a decentralised autonomous organization, running on a distributed ledger network. 

# Team Members

- Nguyen Khoi Tran
- Joseph Nguyen (Student)